# Set
This project requires the student to make a singly linked list with a dummy head and with each node containing two fields, the object and the link to the next node. The list will be used to implement sets with no duplicate elements, and the student is to write methods for the following operations: `ontain`, `remove`, `addElement`, `size`, `subsetOf`, `isEqual`, `union`, `intersection`, `complement`, and `toString`.

First, the `Node` class. Its initialization asks for the desired object element as the first argument and the next node that it links to as the second. The remaining methods are rather straightforward. For retrievals, use `getElement` to return the object contained in the node; `getNext` returns the next node it links to. To set the element and next node, I used `setElement` and `setNext`, which require the new object and new next node, respectively.

Next, the `Set` class. Its initialization simply creates the head node, which will be a dummy head and will remain a dummy head, and sets the size to zero, as it is empty at the beginning. To add nodes to a list, I used `addLast`, which accepts an argument of any object type. A new node is simply created and attached to the last node in the list, but it never overwrites the dummy head.

Moving on to the required operations, the first is `contain`, which asks for the object that is desired to be checked if it exists in the list and returns a boolean value dependent on whether the object is in the list (true) or is not (false). `remove` accepts an argument of any object type; checks whether the list is empty first because if it’s empty, then there is nothing that can be removed; and then searches to see if the list contains the targeted object to remove; and if it is found, the method will return true, else it will return false. For `addElement`, the parameter asks for an object to add, and then will check to see if it is a duplicate before calling the `addLast` method. If it is successful, it returns true, else it will return false. `size` simply returns the size of the list. The `subsetOf` method asks for a set to test whether it is the subset of the first set; this can be called by `A.subsetOf(B)`, which will return a boolean value. Returning true in this case indicates that all of the elements of set B are contained in set A. The `isEqual` method is rather straightforward; if set A and set B are the same size and contain all the same elements while ignoring the order, it returns true. `Union`, `intersection`, and `complement` all return a new set composed of elements taken from one or both of the sets depending on which operation it is. Union essentially combines the elements from both sets to make a new set but excludes duplicate elements. Intersection returns a set full of elements that are present in both sets. Complement returns a set with only elements from one set. For instance, when called as `C = A.complement(B)`, only elements specific to set A will be in set C. The `toString` method overrides the object `toString` method, returning a string that contains the contents of the set.
