# Stack

This project requires the student to use stacks to convert an infix expression to postfix and prefix expressions. A stack is an abstract data type that contains objects that can be added or removed from the stack according to the last-in-first-out principle, meaning that the “top” of a stack is the only one that can be removed and items can only be added to the “top” of the stack. Arithmetic expressions are typically written in infix format, meaning that the operators are written between the operands, for example `a * (b + c)`. In postfix, operators are written after the operands, for instance `a b c + *`. In prefix, operators are written prior to their operands, for instance `* a + b c`. In this project, two methods must be used to convert a user-inputted infix expression into its postfix and prefix forms. Students are provided with three example expressions and their postfix and prefix expressions in a table, and the project necessitates the students to imitate the given table. They are also to assume that the operands will be one character and multiple spaces can be found in the expression.

For user input, I simply used the Scanner to read the user’s infix expression, which are separated by the enter key. This loops so that the user can input multiple expressions before seeing the finished conversions in the table. The user can terminate the loop by entering `quit`. To imitate the provided executable, I implemented a singly linked list that held the user’s inputted infix expression, the postfix expression, and the prefix expression, as well as the next node in the list. I constructed a table with +’s, =’s, and |’s to make the output look like the given table.

In the `Conversions` class, the two methods that convert an infix expression to its postfix and prefix expressions are `inToPost()` and `inToPre()`, respectively. For `inToPost()`, only one stack is used, variables are copied to the String to be outputted, left parentheses (and the like) are pushed onto the stack, and the stack is popped until empty at the end. The operators and right parenthesis required more complex actions. The right parenthesis causes the stack to pop information into the String to be outputted until a left parenthesis is encountered and subsequently popped into nothing. Operators required checking precedence. The `inToPre()` method was similar in its precedence-checking and treatment of left parenthesis. However, it required two stacks—one for operators and one for operands. Furthermore, when the right parenthesis or other operators are found, operators are popped into a String op, two Strings from the operand stack are popped into `rightOperand` and `leftOperand`, respectively, and these three Strings are pushed altogether as one String onto the operand stack. The emptying of the stacks also employs this process. Every variable was assumed to be one character long, and spaces were ignored.
