# Graph & Dijkstra's
This program implements a graph and applies Dijkstra's algorithm, which uses a ‘greedy’ method for finding a path with the least weight between two vertices.

## Specifications
This project requires the student to implement a graph structure. Using Dijkstra’s algorithm, the optimal path between two vertices must also be found. Here, each vertex represents a city, and an optimal path is considered to be the one with a chain of roads between separate cities with the shortest distance. Other abilities the program must have include finding the information of a city given its code (two capital letters), adding a new edge (inserting a road) between two cities given two city codes and a distance, and removing an edge between two cities given two codes. In all cases, if any code is incorrect or the user failed to properly input a value, his command will be ignored. Additionally, usability must be considered, so there is a help menu available and a set of instructions are provided at the beginning of the program’s execution. 
 
In my project, the initialization of the graph’s Cities and their Edges are done at the start of the main method, using the two files, `city.dat` and `road.dat`. They are stored into arrays of specially created objects, City and Edge, which are held altogether in a `Digraph` object. With the command `Q` (or `q`), the user may find the data of a city upon inputting a city code.  If the city code is valid, it will display the City’s `num`, `code`, `name`, `population`, and `elevation`. The shortest path between two cities can also be found if it exists. The user inputs `D` (or `d`) and two city codes. The shortest path is determined by `Dijkstra(int, int)`, and an array containing the indices of the cities visited along this path is returned. The distance itself is then calculated by `calcPathWeight(int, int[])`.
 
The methods `addEdge(int, Edge)` and `edgeRemove(int, int)` adds an edge between two cities or removes an edge between two cities, respectively. Adding an edge requires the parameters `int` and `Edge`: the integer parameter is an index of the city the path is coming from and allows access into the array holding the edges, whereas the Edge parameter is the new edge to be added to the end of the Edge list in the array unless it already exists. Removing an edge similarly requires an index for the city from which the edge is coming from, but the second parameter is the index of the city which the edge is going to.
