# Heap
This program implements a binary max-heap using an array with positive integer elements. This type of heap adheres to the following rule: For each node *n*, the element contained in *n* must be greater than the elements contained in its two children. Consequently, the max-heap’s root contains the element of the greatest value. The binary max-heap is a complete binary tree, so an array is fine for implementation. For each index *i*, its left child will be contained in index *2i+1* and its right in *2i+2*. Thus, the parent of index *i*, will be in *floor((i -1)/2)*.

## Specifications
In this assignment, the student must build a binary max-heap with positive integer values. There are two testing options: one that uses randomly generated positive integers (without duplicates) and one with fixed values [1, 100]. Additionally, for both options, two methods of building the heap are also needed. One is accomplished by a series of individual insertions, whereas the other is considered the optimal method. That is, the elements are arbitrarily added to the tree, and then, from the lowest level and moving up, the heap property is restored with a process called “reheapification downward.” Lastly, the student must also keep track of how many swaps are required for each option and method. Averages and decent user interface are also required.

In my project, I have a `Tester` class that organizes the different options and handles most of the UI. The heap is implemented in the `Heap` class. The two methods `build(int[])` and `addElement(int)` handle the methods of building the heap—optimally and sequentially, respectively. The `removeRoot()` method obviously removes the root and returns the value of the root it is removing. The `printFirstTen()` method is also self-explanatory, as it simply prints the first ten integers of the heap.

I used several private methods to assist the public methods. Three of which simply find the parent or children of a given index: `findParent(int)`, `findLeftChild(int)`, and `findRightChild(int)`. The other two reheapify in different directions, easily distinguishable by their names: `reheapifyUp(int)` and `reheapifyDown(int)`. 
